<!-- Serverless Cloud Compute - AWS Lambda -->
AWS Lambda a serverless compute service.

This service lets you run code without needing to think about servers.

It lets you focus on what's most important, such as making a great application.

You only pay for the compute time that you use.

Pay for what you use translates to that you only pay when your code is running.
<!-- How AWS Lambda Works -->
Deploy your code to Lambda: This involves creating a Lambda function and adding your code.
Make the code ready to trigger an event: This step sets up the API Gateway to trigger the Lambda function.
The code only runs when triggered: The Lambda function only runs when it receives an HTTP request.
Pay only when your code is running: With AWS Lambda, you are charged based on the number of requests and the duration your code runs.
<!-- Example: -->

You can look at serverless as a car.

You start the car to travel to your destination.

Once you are at the destination, you stop it.

You only used fuel when driving.

Lambda works in the same way. The use is on-demand when you run the code.
<!-- What is AWS Lambda? -->
Serverless computing helps abstract the infrastructure in the cloud.

As a result, it reduces costs and can help to increase innovation.

AWS Lambda can be used to:

Build and deploy apps
Monitor and maintain apps

<!-- Step 1: Deploy Your Code to Lambda -->
Go to the AWS Lambda Console.
Click "Create function".
Choose "Author from scratch".
Set the function name (e.g., MyLambdaFunction).
Choose the runtime (e.g., Python 3.8).
Click "Create function".
<!-- Step 2: Add Your Code -->
In the function code editor, add the following basic Python code:

python
def lambda_handler(event, context):
    return {
        'statusCode': 200,
        'body': 'Hello, World!'
    }
<!-- Step 3: Set Up an API Gateway Trigger -->
In the Lambda function console, click on "Add trigger".
Choose "API Gateway".
Select "Create an API".
Choose "HTTP API".
Click "Add".
<!-- Step 4: Test Your Function -->
After setting up the API Gateway trigger, you will see an "API endpoint" URL.
Copy the URL and paste it into your web browser.
You should see the response: Hello, World!